docs(hub): fix catalog sort options, auth audience, and asset storage guidance (#9325)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/components/hub/organization/manage-catalog/getting-started.md

The sync script only looks at these two files; any other files in the repository are ignored.

:::note

> Only the README and element template file are published to the catalog. The asset's implementation—such as the connector code, job workers, or BPMN files—stays in your repository as the source of truth and is deployed to your cluster through your own deployment pipeline. The catalog holds the element template and its description; it does not run or deploy the underlying implementation.

Author: "such as the connector code, job workers, or BPMN files" - connector Code and Job workers are different things for the same thing 

```suggestion
Only the README and element template file are published to the catalog. The asset's implementation - such as job workers, BPMN files, or linked forms - stays in your repository as the source of truth and is deployed to your cluster through your own deployment pipeline. The catalog holds the element template and its description; it does not run or deploy the underlying implementation.
```

Always increment the `version` when you change an element template's content. The catalog API validates the whole submission as a single transaction. If any asset fails validation, _no_ changes are applied.
:::

### Enforce version increments in CI

Rather than relying on reviewers to catch a missing version bump, validate it automatically before the submission ever reaches the catalog. Add a check to your CI pipeline that compares each changed element template against its previous state and fails the pull request when the content changed but the `version` field did not increase.

> The example repository includes a [version-check GitHub Actions workflow](https://github.com/camunda/catalog-template/blob/main/.github/workflows/check-versions.yml) that runs on every pull request, so a template change with a stale `version` is caught before it is merged and synced. You can bypass the check for intentional exceptions by adding the `skip-version-check` label to the pull request.

Author: The version-check workflow this links to is added in camunda/catalog-template#2. Once that PR merges, the linked `.github/workflows/check-versions.yml` on `main` will resolve.
